How to trigger event
    Click on the summoning circles/stars on the top right and bottom left of the map.

What should happen
    The summoning circle will activate, turn the area around it from grass to ruined land and start summoning demons.

    Can be confirmed by the printed message "SUMMONING DEMONS" and the circle starting to animate.

    Then after a small delay, it will spawn in 6 demons and a crater will form where the demons spawned in,
    along with a message confirming successful summoning

New Entity
    The new entities are the demons that spawn in and they will chase down the fairies to corrupt them and turn them evil

    When all fairies are corrupted, demons will return back to a summoning circle and go back to their world (disappear).

Affected Entites
    The fairies that get in caught by the demons will become corrupted and turn into EvilFairies which is shown by
    some red highlights and a red aura.

    The EvilFairies will now chase down the Dudes and try to kill all of them.

    When the dudes' health falls to 50% or less, they will get a boost and dramatically increase movement speed to try
    to keep cutting down trees while outrunning the evil fairies.

    Upon reaching 0 health, the dudes turn into obstacles with the image of a tombstone.

    When there are no more threats to nature (no more dudes) the fairies will return to their original state and try to
    restore the world by replanting saplings where stumps are left.

Extra Detail
    Demons will only chase good fairies so when all fairies are corrupted they will not do anything.
    It doesnt make sense to summon demons that do nothing so the summoning circle can only summon demons if there are
    fairies to corrupt. They will however activate even if no good fairies are left.

    I also added a fairy_count to keep track of how many good fairies are left in order to implement the above detail.

Design decision

    EvilFairy
    I chose to make a new class and entity "EvilFairy" since I wanted their behavior to be distinctly different without
    messing with the original behavior. The main reason for this is because I planned to revert the evil fairies back
    into good fairies. It also felt more natural to have a new entity to follow the pattern of DudeFull and DudeNotFull.


    Tomb
    I chose to not have a new entity called tomb or grave and simply passed in the tomb image to the obstacle entity
    since it wouldnt do anything anyways.

    I chose the obstacle entity since it is the one non-moving entity that does not interact with any of the other
    entities' actions.

    If I had used -
    - tree -> dudes will try to chop down the tombs
    - house -> dudes will try to tranform at the tombs
    - summoning circle -> will result in weird interaction when clicked on
    - sapling -> tombs will turn into trees (which could be interesting but I decided against it)
    - stump -> fairies will try to turn tombs into saplings (I also considered this and it might make sense if I had
    dude corpses which will fertilize the soil over time and make it possible for fairies to plant saplings but decided
    to focus on making the rest of the simulation smoother than implement more stuff)
